Creating Reusable Headers and Footers (#1952)
telerik/reporting-docs: user-guide/components/subreport/creating-reusable-headers-and-footers.md

---
title: Creating Reusable Headers and Footers
page_title: Creating Reusable Headers and Footers
description: Learn how to use SubReports in the Web Report Designer to create reusable header and footers.
slug: creating-reusable-headers-and-footers
tags: web, report, design, components, subreport, header, footer, reuse
published: True
reportingArea: WRDHTML5, WRDBlazorWrapper
position: 4
---

# Creating Reusable Headers and Footers with SubReport

The SubReport item is a perfect fit if you need to build reusable parts of a Report that can be integrated into other bigger reports later.

Here's a step-by-step tutorial for creating a reusable part of a report (for example, header and footer) using a SubReport:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sMgP2iNkvvM?si=A7g7W7pBGyzlEt9y" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Creating the Header Report

1. Create a new report (for example, HeaderReport.trdp).

1. Remove the default header and footer.

> 1. Add elements like company logo, report title, etc. in the Page Header section:

Reviewer: Don't use "etc." and similar abbreviations of Latin origin.
```suggestion
1. Add elements like company logos and report titles in the Page Header section.
```

1. Preview and save this report as a standalone file. This will serve as your reusable header part of a bigger report.

## Creating the Footer Report

1. Create a new report (for example, FooterReport.trdp).

1. Remove the default header and footer.

1. Add elements like information text or any other meaningful content to the footer part of a report.

1. Preview and save this report as a standalone file. This will serve as your reusable footer part of a bigger report.

## Adding SubReports to Your Main Report

> 1. Create a new report that will be the main report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new report that will serve as the main report.
```
